even  antigravity created a new project and the images are displaying 4k but the images are not saaved in cloudinary why?

If the images are showing in 4K on the website but are not saved in Cloudinary, it usually means the images are only being displayed from a URL and were never uploaded to Cloudinary through the backend.

Here are the most common reasons:

1️⃣ Images are coming from direct URLs

Antigravity may have used external image links like:

https://images.unsplash.com/...

or

https://cdn.something.com/image.jpg

In this case:

Images display correctly

They look high quality

But nothing is stored in your Cloudinary account

2️⃣ Frontend preview instead of backend upload

Sometimes the system only stores the image path in the database but does not actually upload the file.

Example flow that causes this problem:

Admin uploads image
↓
Frontend displays image preview
↓
Image URL saved in database
↓
Cloudinary upload API never called

So the image appears on the site but is not stored in Cloudinary.

3️⃣ Cloudinary upload API was not triggered

Your backend must run something like:

cloudinary.uploader.upload(file.path)

If Antigravity only saved the image path like this:

image: "/uploads/project1.jpg"

then Cloudinary is never used.

4️⃣ Cloudinary credentials not configured

Check your backend .env file.

It must include:

CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME=xxxxx
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=xxxxx
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=xxxxx

If these are missing, uploads fail silently.

5️⃣ Image optimization without upload

Antigravity might be generating URLs like:

https://res.cloudinary.com/.../image/upload/f_auto,q_auto/...

But if the image was never uploaded, Cloudinary will not show it in your dashboard.

How to fix it

Ask Antigravity to do this:

Prompt to paste:

Ensure that project images uploaded through the admin panel are actually uploaded to Cloudinary instead of only storing external image URLs.

When an admin uploads an image:
1. Send the image file to the backend.
2. Upload the image to Cloudinary using the Cloudinary uploader API.
3. Store the returned secure_url in the database.
4. Use the Cloudinary URL for displaying the image in the gallery.

Verify that the upload process is correctly saving images inside my Cloudinary account and not just displaying external image links.

If the current implementation is only referencing image URLs, modify the upload logic so that all images are stored in Cloudinary before being displayed.

✅ After this fix, when you upload a project image:

Admin Upload
↓
Backend
↓
Cloudinary upload
↓
Cloudinary URL saved in database
↓
Image displayed on website

Then you will see the images inside Cloudinary Media Library.

If you want, I can also show you the exact backend code used in professional projects to upload images to Cloudinary + MongoDB (the correct way). This will guarantee your images always save properly.